>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I would say one of the
largest problems with really any modern
framework is the environment and
the moving pieces.
Do you use system JS?
Do you use webpack?
Do you use gulp?
How much gulp?
How much webpack?
Well, now, do you use yarn?
That's the newest thing,
it's so hot, everybody run out.
We got to use yarn and so,
a lot of time I think it as like we must
be looking at like an application diagram.
Not really,
we're looking at an ecosystem diagram.
In the sense that this was really
painful when Angular 2 just
being born is how to
actually get it to work.
You would go to the five minute tutorial
and you would spend 20 minutes installing
typescript and these different
things just to get the 5 minute,
20 minutes prep time for
a 5 minute tutorial.
And so, this is really I think was
the general sentiment for everyone here,
is you would rage develop,
rage quit, and move on.
So thus the Angular CLI was born.
And so this is from a collaboration
with the Ember CLI and
so I think the one thing that Rails and
kind of by
extension Ember does really
well is conventions.
Is that they establish conventions and
then just boom.
You're good to go and so for instance
the first time I ever heard of Rails.
My gosh you can build a blog in like
five minutes off of the command line.
It just does everything for you.
Well that kind of essence was
carried over to the Ember CLI and
now into the Angular CLI.
And so, what the Angular CLI
allows us to do is to quickly spin
up a working project and it tucks away all
of the moving pieces that you would
generally need to get started.
And so, when you are creating
a new Angular project,
you can just go npm install -g for
global, angular-cli.
And then from there, ng new, whatever your
app is called, in this case my-dream-app.
Jump into the directory,
ng serve, and you are good to go.
Now this is a bit of a falacy here because
in between these four lines is about,
I don't know, five to ten minutes of stuff
happening depending on your computer.
It's doing a lot under the hood.
But the point is,
you are not having to manually
compose all these pieces together.
Secondly, this is officially
supported by the angular core team.
And so as new conventions,
as new tools, technology,
approaches become available,
this gets baked right into the CLI.
Now, let me make one point real quick.
The Angular CLI is not a crutch.
It does do code generation,
and so that is handy but
we are going to not be using it to
generate code for the rest of the workshop
because I'm a huge believer
in building up muscle memory.
Do not use a code generator until
you absolutely know what's going on
under the hood.
At the same time,
I can't turn my nose up at him.
Because I build out live templates and
I'm lazy.
And so
I like being able to generate things.
But it's really important
initially that we do this by hand.
So it's not a crutch not to learn how
to write components, services, etc.
But more importantly,
as I see it as a mechanism for
getting the environment up and
running as soon as possible.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So
here's everything that you get and
more,
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Most importantly is
a full functional project
generation THAT JUST WORKS!
So you just get a working project,
that's huge.
You do get a code generator for
components, directives, pipes,
enums, classes, modules and services.
[SOUND]
It also allows you to do
a production build.
So this is also important if you
care about actually deploying so
that people can see it.
You do a production build.
You get a unit test runner,
end-to-end test runner, and hold on.
Watch me do some live coding here.
Boom, I hate live coding,
but that one wasn't too bad.
So, you can actually deploy your app
to give up pages, which is convenient.
Linting, CSS preprocessor support.
AOT support.
Lazy routes, but, more so lazy modules
that you can then load into routes.
Extensible blueprints coming soon.